in the cycling note that for the first time will run in the Peruvian highlands
miguelón invests resources
make a proposed sidewalk sport
over the top
Peru will seek to write its name in the Guinness Book of Records with the
called the first international note of the alpaca
that will bring together cyclists from all over the country
and from bolivia chile and argentina so far shows teams time to give
dissemination to your presentation of the national performances and guest guides
but those who have confirmed their participation are 41
g moscow
chimbote
an expensive team
and after culiacán and arequipa that some equipment has appeared
Inca are the ways to avoid foreign age
There are two teams from Bolivia
one from chile and the team from argentina is about to confirm
lilita we have waited for more Peruvian team in this regard
he will surely happen in the seven days
well this is still the operation was not a Juarez who played
him but we always decide
ivana
find to go to the website
the new one directly marinates the operation thanks to the initiative of the
right-wing private company
this test will be held the highest in the world at 4 thousand 873 meters above
sea ​​level
you have the ticket this fight by stages is
from cumulated time bush to the winner of the test
despite the fact that at the end of the four stages
have less time
but apart each each stage can have a winner
that will not necessarily be the real final test
for this type of tests
a preparation is required
and of great physical strength
not everyone dares to take on this challenge
it is extremely hard many for the type of competition
p that stage and I left from 3900
this increase is from juliaca
and it will reach a high point of 4 9800
of 87 meters and then descend 4500 which is more or less what it is to chop the
de macusani's sales
with 180 kilometers of route is a very hard stage not
and that requires people who are very prepared and who and always avoiding
sport and I think that in that sense there is an advantage of
teams that actually practice sports in town skip their record
culiacán the same all teams of arequipa Tamil per day vs if it is
true we are two thousand 300 meters common
the sea level peru
They are permanently
participating in missions where the explosion
also at 4000 no
its about 4 thousand meters
nine thousand soles in prizes
will be the greatest motivation besides being for posterity
feat in the Guinness Book of World Records
I see a cut will come out
as the world's highest ride average cyclist
they arrived very well if they plan the wing
they organize it and the correct one I hope they will help us but if it does not reach
organized mestalla and of pylon ballast stage are 4 thousand and pico meters of
average height of the cereso no
it will not have
of another other branch object being the record is the route
of the alpaca
organized by the uni equipazo cycling union
because they are the names of those who develop
ran the lap plus it is given to the highest in the world at a level of
average of 4 thousand meters I see that Isabel travel yes
the route will consist of four stages and cross to juliaca
pucará
macusani allariz and azángaro
so you can not miss this opportunity
and when entering your favorite cyclists I will wait for the
that the alpaca route will soon reach your city
in your costs
November 25 as closing date
adored
In other words, to be around that to resort to an average of 164 kilometers
that a judgment court of course p
is very important for the iphone and the ipod also imposed itself I understood
is our country that is humanly important as we did at the beginning of the
sport and tourism program
iranzo de león before dawn therapy hours of the past time we
we have marked yesterday in the gene stop moving let move
I have a lot to give
good we accept day we accept mercy of the program
after reading I was all the time theology and not vitality way have
suffered what is a secret to tony voices 22 and 17 minutes of internal naught
tintin
diego salgado very special as still in this hamlet of montalvo action by
outside and is much more accurate
we are not in a hurry we find ourselves animal skin
ace